OAK-D-Pro-PoE name edit (#267)
luxonis/depthai-hardware: docs/source/pages/guides/sync_frames.rst

Connecting FSIN/STROBE
**********************

> All `OAK S2 PoE models <https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/hardware/en/latest/pages/articles/oak-s2.html>`__ will have an M8 I/O connector, which will also include

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All `Series 2 OAK PoE models <https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/hardware/en/latest/pages/articles/oak-s2.html>`__ will have an M8 I/O connector, which will also include
```

FSIN (frame sync) and STROBE (for driving a flash) signals.

> If you won't be using the OAK S2 PoE, you will need to solder a wire to the PCB on your device. Here's an example of STROBE trace on the `OAK-D-POE <https://github.com/luxonis/depthai-hardware/tree/master/SJ2088POE_PoE_Board>`__:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you won't be using the Series 2 OAK PoE model, you will need to solder a wire to the PCB on your device. Here's an example of STROBE trace on the `OAK-D-POE <https://github.com/luxonis/depthai-hardware/tree/master/SJ2088POE_PoE_Board>`__:
```
